All right. So let's go ahead and look at how we can fill in
this FilterCloud function in the ProcessPointClouds.CPP.
So we're going to take in a couple of different parameters.
We have this Cloud that we're interested in,
and we have this filterRes,
that's defining the grid cell size of our VoxelGrid.
Then we have these vectors over here,
and that's going to define the region in space.
So we have the minPoints xyz and maxPoints xyz.
So let's go ahead.
The first thing we're going to do is create this VoxelGrid, so pcl VoxelGrid.
Then we're going to give it the Cloud,
and define that cell size from filterRes,
and then the results will just be saved in this cloudFiltered,
that's being created right here.
So it's this new PointCloud.
So that's how you can do the VoxelGrid down sampling.
I'll just make sure that there's only a single point for every cell in that VoxelGrid.
Then the next thing is looking at this cloudRegion.
So this new PointCloud, cloudRegion is created,
then you just go ahead and you can use this pcl CropBox to do this.
You set the region for true because you're dealing with points inside that CropBox.
Then you're going to go ahead and do setMin and setMax,
that's just from the arguments of the min and max points from the function declaration.
You go ahead and you set the InputCloud
to cloudFiltered that we just did the VoxelGrid filtering on,
and then you can save the results in this cloudRegion.
So now, that's just going to go ahead and crop.
We're only going to be left with points inside that boxRegion.
Now, what if you wanted to do the opposite of this?
So you have this box,
but instead of just having points inside this box,
you want to remove that.
So this optional thing we can do here,
instead of filtering is go ahead and remove
these roofPoints because these roofPoints are just going to be static.
They are not really going to tell us anything about the perception of their environment.
It just happens to be where
the laser rays from the light are hitting the roof of our ego car.
So you can use a CropBox.
It is again, if you want to remove these roofPoints and then you set a min and maxRegion.
The render box function calling that in an environment that's
CPP can be a great way to figure out what
that box looks like that contains these roofPoints.
So that was used here to get this roofBox that's being set up here,
and then you go ahead and you can give it this cloudRegion that was just processed.
The results of these are these indices.
So that's as a vector of ints.
These are just going to be the indices of
these points inside cloudRegion that fit inside this box.
Then you can iterate through those indices here.
This pcl PointIndices object is created, it's called inliers.
It's just going through these indices and pushing it back into inliers,
and this is a push back point.
Then you're doing something very similar to what was being done in
the separate PointClouds function back in segmentation.
So creating this pcl extract indices,
set the input cloud to cloud region, give it inliers.
These are the indices of roofPoints, set negative.
So we're going to be removing these points.
Then the results will be stored in this cloudRegion.
What that's going to do is in cloudRegion,
it's going to extract these indices from inliers.
So it's going to remove these roofPoints.
So now, we went through and did VoxelGrid filtering region filtering,
and we even add in this extra roofPoint filtering as well.
Then just go ahead and return cloudRegion.